# Message Logger Plugin Documentation

## Introduction
The Message Logger Plugin listens for any BSM (Basic Safety Message) or SPaT (Signal Phase and Timing) messages passing through or getting generated by V2X Hub. Any messages captured are decoded and saved as two log types: .json and .bin. File names are selected by the user and found in the following directory: 
```
V2X-Hub/configuration/logs/
```

## Related Plugins

A list of plugins related to the Message Logger Plugin.

* **Message Receiver Plugin** - Receives messages from an external V2X radio or other source as a UDP stream.
* **SPaT Plugin** - Responsible for receiving information from a Traffic Signal Controller (TSC or SC) necessary for broadcasting Signal Phase and Timing (SPaT) messages. This includes querying any SNMP objects to determine TSC state and listen for any broadcast SPaT information from the TSC.

## Configuration/Deployment

This plugin has several configuration parameters. Below these are listed out as together with descriptions on how to set them.

* **File Size In MB** - Maximum size of the log file in MB. Can be set to any integer.
* **Filename** - Default name of the log file. Once the max file size is met or a file with similar name exists, a new file will be created with an appended timestamp.
* **File Location** - The location where the log files are stored inside the "v2xhub" Docker container. DO NOT edit while using the docker deployment, as a volume exists, tying it to the file location mentioned in the introduction. 
* **LogLevel** - The log level for this plugin. Defaulted to "INFO." Additional log levels include DEBUG1, ..., DEBUG4.


> **TIP**
> A `filewatchscript.sh` file exists at `V2X-Hub/src/v2i-hub/MessageLoggerPlugin/scripts/`. This file can be used to transfer .bin files to an instance of the ODE. The file can be edited and run from the logs folder. 
